At this point, we're ready to jump in and start exploring the Ethereum network.
The simplest way to do that is with a tool called Etherscan.
There's a ton of information here and it can be a little overwhelming at first.
In this video, I'll try and focus on a few of the main ideas,
then set you off to continue exploring for yourself.
To start, on this homepage,
you'll get a general overview of what's going on with the Ethereum network.
At the top, it shows some of
the market information and the transaction history over time.
A little further down, you can see all the blocks and
transactions updating live as they happen on the network.
You can click on these to view more of the details if you'd like.
For example, I'll click on this transaction.
From this page, we can see the transaction hash,
status, who it was from,
who it was sent to, and more.
You can also click on one of the accounts to see
more specific details about that account. I'll try this one.
Once you're here, you're looking at an account overview of
what any account page on the Ethereum network would look like.
Here's the balance of the user,
the number of transactions they've made,
and a list of all these transactions.
If you click on one of the transactions,
you'll see you're just back at the transaction overview like we were before.
Rather than searching around by clicking,
you can also go up to the search bar to search by address,
transaction hash, blocks or anything else.
This will become more important when we actually have our own data to work with,
but for now, I'll keep clicking around.
On the top table, you'll see the home,
blockchain, tokens, resources and more.
I encourage you to click around and try all these out,
but to start, I wanted to focus on two main things.
Specifically, I want to look at the top accounts and
some of the tokens so that we can see some contract information.
To start, I'll click top accounts.
Here, you'll see a list of all the riches of Ethereum owners listed in order.
As you can see, we don't actually know who these account owners are,
that part isn't made available to us.
But we can see any information we need about the accounts themselves.
It looks like the top account currently has over 1.5 million Ether,
and it has made over two thousand transactions.
Click any of these accounts to get back to an account overview page.
The other type of account that you'll learn more about is a contract account.
These are accounts not for users but for the smart contracts who deploy to the network.
By going here, you can see all the verified contracts that exist on the Ethereum network.
You can navigate through this to see all the details provided about the contracts,
but I actually prefer to start by looking at the top tokens.
You can get there by going here.
This is where you'll be able to find some of
the more well-known contracts that you can explore.
As an example, you may have heard of binance.
Binance is an exchange for Cryptocurrency,
and Cryptocurrency is the name for currencies that exist across different networks.
In Ethereum's case, their Cryptocurrency is called Ether.
And you'll be working with this a lot as you get more involved with the Ethereum.
You can click here to view all the information about binance.
The same as you can view any other type of account.
Things like the total number of their currency that exists.
How many people hold their coin, their official site,
and all of the transactions that have taken place can be seen from here.
From this page, you can get a hold of their contract,
which is what I'm really looking for.
To get there, go over to contract and click here.
Once in here, you can find
even more information and feel free to explore it for yourself.
But right now, what I'm interested in, is the code.
This contract code shown here uses solidity,
like what you deployed earlier in the lesson.
Underneath this, is the contract ABI,
which is a binary representation of
the smart contract that you'll need to interact with it.
Below, is a few more details that we don't need to worry about quite yet.
Finally, everything we've looked at so far is specific to the Ethereum main network.
There are also other networks that exist for testing,
and you can view all of the same information about each of those networks too.
By going over to more,
you can see tons of information,
but for other explorers is where I wanted to focus now.
The three tests networks are named Ropsten, Rinkeby and Kovan.
I heard they're named after places in London, but I'm not totally sure.
Either way, these are the test networks that you'll be deploying to later on,
and we'll learn more about them as we move forward.
So, that's what I wanted to show you about Etherscan.
We'll be coming back to this a lot to check on important details of
the network accounts and transactions on the Ethereum networks.